The scene then shifted, and each of the girls began introducing themselves. Gumi asked Yuji whether it was his first time ever reincarnating as a hero. Oburi told Yuji that he also had a tasty potion. Zakuro stated that they first had to choose a cheat and asked if Yuji had any preference, explaining that she was talking about fast. Tomo Sankuku told Yuji that he had to make a pact with her as the hero.

Yuji reacted with confusion and asked what was going on and whether someone could explain it to him. Soko Nika introduced herself as Soko Nika and stated that she was the shopkeeper there, adding that Yuji should try his hand at being a hero again. Yuji repeated the words shopkeeper and hero in confusion. Yuji was stunned by everything and thought to himself, wondering what was with their getup. As Yuji looked at everyone, Yuji thought that they were so hot and that the shop must be sketchy after all.

Nika then said that Yuji was not a customer and that they would be putting Yuji in the back. Everyone exclaimed in surprise. One of them complained that all that preparation was for nothing. Another said that it was the first time she had ever said something without biting her tongue and called it a real disappointment. Another questioned how someone could make that up for her and expressed frustration. Another said that they should have been told sooner. The last one told the girls not to be mean to Yuji.

Yuji then thought that they were not holding back with the disses and questioned what was meant by back. Yuji asked Nika what it meant. Nika explained that it meant Yuji would be back-of-house staff and would basically be providing follow-up to all of them. Yuji then thought about follow-up. Nika explained that she had told Yuji earlier that she was the shopkeeper there and that the shop was called Reincarnation. Yuji was stunned and repeated the word reincarnation.

A girl then came close to Yuji and explained that it meant transformation and transfiguration, and that their shop was a con cafe based on the concept of reincarnation. Yuji stated that he understood. Nika clarified that it was not a shady establishment. Yuji questioned what sort of establishment a con cafe was. One of the girls explained that con cafe meant a concept cafe, meaning that the cafe shop was made to match the concept. She added that the shop was a soulless spot for hosting heroes who would save the world and that all of them hosted heroes who reincarnated.

Yuji concluded that this was why they were dressed up like that. Nika confirmed and explained that she was a succubus. Gumi introduced herself again as Gumi, Chief of Sort, and added that it was well met. Zakuro introduced herself as Zakuro, a homunculus. Tomo introduced herself as Tomo and stated that her role was Beastfolk. Finally, Brulé introduced herself as Brulé, a demoness.

Yuji said that he was pleased to meet them and thought that it was true that they had existed in the world and that he had first been reincarnated among folks of those races. However, as Yuji looked at them again, Yuji thought that they were really wearing some wild outfits.

Nika then asked Yuji what Yuji thought and whether it was pretty amazing. Yuji responded that their costumes were very high quality and that the girls were cosplaying according to the theme of the cafe and engaging in roleplay. All four of them reacted to the word roleplay.

One of the girls then remarked that there was no helping it. Another stated that being told they were roleplaying was off-putting and offensive in many ways. Another said that she did not care as long as Yuji made a pact with her. The last one commented that Yuji was way off base.

Yuji then asked whether he had perhaps said something wrong. Nika responded that it was fine and that they would take it from there. Nika added that they should be nice to Yuji because Yuji was going to be working there as well.

Yuji reacted in surprise and questioned whether Nika was being serious. Yuji then thought about what to do and noted that they were very mad at him.

Nika then explained that all of the girls, all of the cast of girls there, were the same as Yuji. Yuji exclaimed in shock and questioned whether, by the same, it meant that they had all tried to suicide by jumping off a building. Nika denied it firmly and clarified that they all had other world returned syndrome.

Yuji questioned whether all of them had it. Nika confirmed that basically they did and added that she would bet that something like the hospital had mentioned that many people had been suffering from it lately. Nika explained that everyone told her the same thing, though each person's memory and how accurate it was differed from one person to another, and asked whether she was wrong. Nika stated that the girls all had memories of having reincarnated more or less and that they could not get anyone to believe them. Nika added that she was the same as Yuji.

Yuji began to sober up and realized that Nika was the same as well. Yuji questioned how that had not crossed Yuji’s mind and admitted that Yuji had always been afraid that people would keep denying Yuji’s experience. Yuji realized that Yuji was not the only one who had gone through that suffering.

Nika then asked Yuji what was wrong. Yuji kneeled down and started crying, stating that they did exist and that other worlds existed after all.

One of the girls reacted in surprise and asked whether Yuji was crying. They all looked at each other and then moved forward. One of the girls repeated that there was no helping it. Another expressed frustration by saying gosh. Then, one by one, they began offering comfort. One told Yuji to use a tissue. Another said that she understood because she had also been surprised. Another said that she understood and that it could make someone scared. The last one said that she would be pleased if Yuji talked a lot with them.

Yuji replied that Yuji was fine and thanked them. Finally, Yuji thought that Soka was reincarnated as well, which meant something about what Soka had done earlier. Yuji recalled that when reincarnators returned to their world, they could use their cheat skill once.

Yuji then returned to the present and asked Soka whether Soka had used her cheat skill earlier. Shoka responded dismissively and told Yuji to buzz off and shove it. Yugi then said that Yugi was counting on both of them.

Soka then asked Yuji what was wrong with Yuji and said that Yuji had been making annoying sounds all that time. Yuji responded that Yuji could not breathe and that Soka was suffocating Yuji. Soka asked whether Yuji had a problem. Yuji replied that it was not really a complaint but mentioned that Soka’s chest was pressing against Yuji. Soka told Yuji to pipe down and warned that she would make Yuji work for life without pay if Yuji told them. Soka then released Yuji.

Yuji thought that Soka was pretty nuts and wondered what Yuji should do. One of the girls then asked whether Yuji had any places in mind that Yuji wanted to try. Yuji hesitated, and another girl said that they did not mind what Yuji chose but that they were really shorthanded. Another girl added that they had surprisingly good wages and that Yuji should at least give it a shot. The last one said that having a guy around would be a great help.

Yuji then wondered whether they actually needed Yuji. Soka asked Yuji whether Yuji had already made up Yuji’s mind. Yuji admitted that Yuji had not felt like that since the time Yuji was in the other world. Yuji said that there were people there who were okay with Yuji being with them, but that it was terrifying. Yuji admitted being afraid of getting betrayed by people Yuji trusted and said that it scared Yuji stiff. Yuji reflected that running away was scary and so was moving forward, but more than anything, Yuji did not want to run from the girls Yuji had just met who had given Yuji another chance. Yuji acknowledged that there were actual people willing to face Yuji head-on, even though Yuji had tried to end Yuji’s life for good. Yuji concluded that if that was the case, Yuji would become a hero there.

Everyone was shocked and repeated the word hero in disbelief. Yuji asked whether they were against it. One of the girls explained that their customers were heroes and that there was no chance Yuji could become one. She stated that brilliant tales of saving the world and slaying the demon lord were just myths reserved for special people and said that Yuji daydreamed too much. Another girl commented that she loved how boys had such big dreams. Another suggested that maybe she should aim to form a hero’s party.

Yuji realized that they were not understanding at all and insisted that they were off base, stating that the truth was that Yuji had really been a hero. All of them then responded one by one. One remarked that it was good to be young and so spry. Another said that she did not care whether Yuji was a hero or whatever and told Yuji to form a pact with her. Another told Yuji to save that sheep talk for when Yuji woke up. The last one sarcastically said that they knew, sir hero.

Yuji thought that they were just messing with Yuji at that point. One of the girls then asked Soka whether Yuji was seriously okay in the head, since Yuji was claiming to be a hero. Soka responded that it seemed to be true and stated that Yuji was the great hero who had slain the demon lord in that world. Everyone was then surprised.